Design Document:
	We approached this program doing some minor testing that we formed ourselves before moving up to a framework.
	We implemented the catch framework to allow us to easily test new functionality.
	Using Catch to test our functionality, it expedited the testing process. Our program is working to beomce more on pare with DRY standards. 
	
	The game currently posesses the option for single or two player games.
		Single player is played against a bot controlled player who uses lots of random calls to attempt to assertain the position of your ships and for the placement of its own.
		Two player is between two users who are both playing on one system
		They take turns placing boats and firing at one another


	Our boards are being built from one vector to simulate a 2d array. Each position in this vector is modifiable
	to show different board states. One to show open water one to show a boat undamaged and one to show a secection of a damged boat.
	The board itself should not be able to move to the playing state if doesnt pass our starting tests for being ok for setting up the board.
	The user will see a set of columns and row labeled by numeric values for rows and the columns are labeled with letter values.
	
	Planning on using SDL to create the graphics our user will see.
	However we did add a version of it which is being printed out in ASCII art for the board.
	That way if the user lacks the required files it still has a rudementry backup.
	It has help feature in assisting the users through the process of ship placement.
	
	Are pin which the user uses to sign in for his turn will also need to be saved into the save state.
	These pins are assigned to the user as a simple three digit number that exists between 100 and 999.
	
	Planning to implement save states by pushing off board state to a file. Those locations of modified spots
	allows us to have them swap it in easy bacause it can just be re-assigned over a normal vector.
	If we can save it easily in a non human readable form that loads back in good as well that is the plan.